Simultaneous turns movement and combat system revamp for 0.9.6.  This is very much inspired from
how 'Same Time' mode works in Risk 2, but given some key differences for MoM, namely
a) In Risk armies can only ever move 1 cell at a time; in MoM some units can move 2-unlimited numbers of cells
b) In 
c) Risk has concept of multiple armies attacking the same cell ganging up on the defenders; just don't think that's necessary
   or appropriate in MoM.

So plan is to:

1) Movement allocation remains unchanged - this sets up PendingMovement objects
2) Whole notion of players getting a scroll up saying combats that need playing and ScheduledCombat objects and
   ScheduledCombatURNs goes away, the server will dicate when things happen
3) After all players have clicked Next Turn, the server will:

4) Check path of every PendingMovement, and make a list of all those where the first cell being
   moved to is free and clear, or occupied by ourselves (even if subsequent moves result in a combat).
   Put the PendingMovement into the list the number of times for its slowest unit's DoubleOverlandMovement (full, not remaining)
   so that faster units tend to get preference.  Select a PendingMovement from the list at random.  Move 1 cell.
   Repeat until list is empty.

   This guarantees that all pending moves left in the list are combats, and that for all combats, the two armies can
   see each other (it avoids complications where you have say A -> [] <- B armies A and B who cannot see each other
   both trying to walk to the same map cell, both unaware that doing so will initiate a combat).

5) Reduce all pending moves (where we have movement remaining this turn - therefore its a combat) to 1 cell.
   Not really sure this is necessary, worrying about sitaution where a stack is trying to move 2 spaces, but there's
   an enemy unit at the midpoint - but then it'd just recalculate a new movement path to avoid the unit, or cancel the move
   if no alternative path is available.

6) Look for what Risk calls "Border Conflicts", where you have situations like A <-> B, where 2 stacks both
   are trying to attack each other.  These work on the basis that the attacking units on each side are both midway between
   the two cells, so both sides only use their listed attackerURNs and other units that may not have attacked remain behind.
   For purposes of generating the combat map, pick a cell at random, but if one is a city, always pick the other.
   Result is that the loser's PendingMovement gets deleted, and the winner's pending movement remains, so that they advance
   into the cell (which may still be occupied).

7) Do (4) again, to deal with winners from border conflicts advancing into empty cells.

8) All remaining pending moves must be simple conflicts.  Process in any order.  However note when searching for defenders
   to attack, exclude units who have a pending move left themselves.  This is to deal with situations like A -> B -> C to
   make sure that units in A cannot attack units in B who are attacking units in C (the units in B are already halfway between
   map cells B and C and so aren't still in cell B to defend).

   This also means we may get conflicts like this where there ends up being no defenders.  Make sure these get processed
   as simple moves and not combats.  This also deals with situations like A -> B <- C where A and C are owned by the same
   player and both attacking B.  Either A or C attacks first, kills B, then the remaining pending move will just be
   processed as a movement rather than a combat.